XSLTForms
=========

A (currently branched) version of [xsltforms|http://www.agencexml.com/xsltforms]
aiming to enable support for certain enterprise features such as subforms, rich
widgets, proxy support etc.

This is an experimental version only; we hope to get some / all of these changes
merged into the xsltforms core codebase.  By all means try it out, but don't
consider it anything approaching stable.  It uses horrendously inefficient,
uncompressed, full builds of dojo, until such times as we get around to cutting
it to a compressed dojo profile, or just pull directly from the dojo CDN. The
uncompressed build makes debugging (somewhat) easier.  Javascript is also
currently built using the standard maven plugin, until we migrate it back into
the agencexml CM format (need to see if Alain is open to a minor enhancement to
the cm format that lets us manage dojo dependencies; then we can produce either
an optimised single file or a multi module build, and tie into the javascript
compressor apis).

Building
--------

The mainline xsltforms build uses a custom build system written in php, but
this can be awkward for new developers to set up, so we have written a maven
based version which is portable, and relatively common (particularly in the
enterprise).  After the initial checkout, you should run:

`mvn assembly:directory -DdojoBuild=true`

Which will download the dojo distribution and unpack it, then build xsltforms
into target/xsltforms-full. Note that, as ever with maven, be prepared for the
mother of all bootstraps the first time you run it. Once the initial dojo
download / unpack has been performed, you can simply run:

`mvn assembly:directory`

to perform the build without the dojo steps.  To build an archive for
distribution you can run:

`mvn assembly:assembly`

Note that `mvn:clean` will only remove the downloaded dojo files if
`-DdojoBuild=true`.
